I will quickly talk about the flow
typing stuff it's based on the work that
who is doing because there's the
pipeline improved we can do fancier
things and I will be quick and I hope
there will be discussion and I hope
there will be some boos or lose or we'll
see so for those who don't know flow so
flow at static types to JavaScript and
then you can do type checking obviously
and so many people use it for smarter
auto-completion because then you already
know the type and you get errors if
something is wrong
and the motivation to introduce flow
types was one thing is we have the
chance to revisit our API is we of
course can also do it without adding
flow but this is like a nice side effect
just then the IP API is make it better
because if you find out that the types
you can pass in a super complex and it's
hard to model in your type system your
IP aim API might not be that good so we
can fix those and we can find bugs
there's also my experience with steady
typing and the code might get simpler
because like often in JavaScript you
need to check like so the basics amplify
P faces you put in a CID and almost
every function it takes a CID checks
is it a string is it a buffer or is it
as CID class but if you then change the
API to just be able to take the CID type
you don't need those checks anymore
because the type checker will check it
for you if it's wrong it will fail so
make the code simpler and one person
told me that you looked into the code
and was totally confusing because it can
take so many different things if it
would have types it would be easy to
understand and the goals is that we
change things as little as possible so
it just run a test and so on as you used
to it and the module still need to be
used outside of the flow ecosystem so it
can be integrated into your flow stuff
but of course if you don't use flow it's
just work and one important thing is as
we have so many small modules and
dependencies the linking still needs to
work because you do update one
dependency and you want to link to
another one you're working on it still
needs to work and the challenges are
flow of is our es6 modules and as you're
known like no
I think we'll get is getting has six
modules but not the older versions so
you need a build step there is no way
around it that's a problem and also that
flow resolve the same way is known as
modules resolves so it means that what
who-who was showing if you have the main
property in your package touches on it
needs to point to a module that node can
run but as node can run here six modules
it's a problem because flow also wants
to run it but it needs to be a six
modules which I have no clue how they
came to this idea because like that's
specific code so the solution normally
is you have a copy of the same file with
the dot flow extension and then it works
but that's I think it's super ugly but
yeah so the outcome of it is what we've
spent the past two days on is the way we
do it now is you can change the code and
run the test without a build step it's
just in the source directory so this is
the part where the whoohoo comes yeah
yeah so yeah that's pretty cool and but
what we still have I said you need a
build step is we have a dist folder
which contains the module we will
publish on NPM and because then it will
basically transpire two non es6 modules
and the supernal and if you link it and
this is also something we we can prevent
is you need to have a watcher on your
repository because if you require
something if you required from the dist
directory and that's a smaller thing but
well that's that's so basically so you
link the mod you run the watcher and
then if you edit the source files it
will show up I'm actually not that quick
as I want it to be so I need be faster
so they need to be a to-do list is
better integration with age here and the
documentation so people can just say
read this and say ok I want to put my
module to flow this is what you need to
do and then it works
you good and one open question we have
is should we only publish this directory
or should we publish the whole module
p.m. but yeah that's all if there's any
questions I don't know how much time we
have yes yes but of course we could
improve the truth and say like we have
basically a global washer that watches
all the modules that are linked kind of
but like it is totally because like you
you basically we would need 10 tower
windows you need its the especi to type
in you go into the module and type in
NPM link and they arrive right
afterwards we're add you use type in age
your watch you put the next time I'll go
into it to an NPM link that's how you
[Music]
well I guess if you have changed it take
so many things you need to think about
if you do something wrong I guess its
own question but even if you know like
it's like but but I guess the problem is
that yeah yeah
no but but I said you could implement a
global watch which just basically
watches all like it takes if it's
assuming oh there must be a better way
like them this probably wait to find out
if it's linked or not and then it just
goes through all your dependency trees
and watches all the projects that's not
a big deal
so if we have booty hush and it's tight
yes and then we will fill it and now
it's untitled right yes
and now I guess aquifers well if you
know like if you if you requiring it you
lose it but if you are imported you
don't that's the point between a six
modules and in required if the thing
work on your dependency are both flow
then you don't need to watch those pcs
it's especially to the watching is for
the whole require thing this is just
sort works with so okay so one point was
also basically have a smooth transition
between flow and the old stuff so you
don't need to change all modules to flow
at one point but if everything is flow
that's not an issue anymore
what about like other users yes they
will use the dispersion yeah well let
them like having to change the types we
have their ideas get nothing and you can
accept the stream buffer or RCA you that
works for the motor with noise using
flow but for users who are not using
closed we still need to add those check
because they are not going to be
compiled in white because it's so we
don't get rid of them
yes yeah yeah but but for some of the
question is we like for something bigger
then say that the lower level modules
for example just accept the CID as as a
class and the upper level module is
support passing in a string but for
whatever this is what I meant with
simplifying the API it's because I think
it only makes sense like we that you
busy need to cover it beforehand because
like many of those melt you as a hike
you can use them independently and we
can still do but then university
prepares and you need to convert it
yourself to a CID for example yeah
really - yeah it's like just write out
questions answer them to lunch and then
have another session like we just
presented question it's the concerns
that people have and I will these
proposal answers oh yeah and so they'd
like everything etc
okay like I always trying to get a full
thing today okay so let's try to do put
like discuss over lunch if you feel that
you have something to report back a
little report back if not we'll follow
up
[Applause]